feat(content): add databases & instances (#145)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/management/databases.rst

* **Active** : Yes/No
* **Database instance** : determines the database instance
* Size (Mio)
* Has backup : Ye/No
* Last backup date :*date*

Management
----------

:doc:`Management </modules/tabs/management>` of financial and administrative information,

> this information is visible in the 'Management' tab on the Database's form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this information is visible in the 'Management' tab on the item's form.

```

Documents
---------

> The :doc:`document </modules/management/documents>` tab lets you link different types of file to a material (PDF, txt, png, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`document </modules/management/documents>` tab lets you link different types of file to the current item (PDF, txt, png, etc.)

```

You can attach a document already uploaded to GLPI or add a new one directly from this tab.

Knowledge Base
--------------

> Lists all the articles in the :doc:`knowledge base </tabs/knowledgebase>` relating to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all the articles in the :doc:`knowledge base </tabs/knowledgebase>` relating to the current item.

```

Tickets
-------

> View all :doc:`tickets </modules/tabs/tickets>` linked to the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View all :doc:`tickets </modules/tabs/tickets>` linked to the current item.

```

Problems
--------

> This tab refers to all databases :doc:`problems </modules/assistance/problems>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab refers to all related :doc:`problems </modules/assistance/problems>`.

```

Problems can also be linked to tickets, projects, etc. This allows you to have a complete scenario when necessary.

Changes
-------

> :doc:`Changes </modules/assistance/changes>` lists all changes related to a database. From this tab, you can't link a change directly, you can do it from **Assistance** > **Changes** > **Items**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`Changes </modules/assistance/changes>` lists all changes related to the current item. From this tab, you can't link a change directly, you can do it from **Assistance** > **Changes** > **Items**.

```

You can create a new change from this page, which will be linked to the material you have selected.

Notes
-----

:doc:`Note </modules/tabs/notes>` lets you add enriched text and attach a document.

Domains
-------

You can attach :doc:`Domains </modules/management/domains>` to the database. Domains are also linked to other objects such as records, problems, etc.

Appliances
----------

> :doc:`Appliances </modules/management/appliance>` include all business applications managed within GLPI and the databases linked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`Appliances </modules/management/appliance>` include all business applications managed within GLPI and linked with the current item.

```
